The motivation for me making this website is simply to practice my programming skills by creating a project for myself. I will share my progress as I go along and also just blog my thoughts and ideas about web development, computers, and technology, in general, for anyone interested.

I want this blog to be informal. My focus is to practice my programming skills, and that takes up a lotta brain power, as is, and I don't wanna have to overthink my writing haha.

My train of thought for why make a website:
Well, to begin with, hasn't every computer enthusiast always dreamt of his/her own website since s/he were young? But, besides that, I think it's a good project because I can incorporate a lotta different programming languages and I don't wanna get rusty in any. For example, I'm using HTML right now, but I want to maybe add other smaller and simpler projects in C++, Python, or whatever language and embed them. Maybe simple games or something. Just wanna practice and refine my skills.

Right now, there is a bare bones skeleton of the website, boring white background with generic black text, and it is under construction. It is a work in progress and I will worry about making it 'aesthetic' and pretty it up later as I go on haha.

[IMAGE:0] [IMAGE:1] [IMAGE:2] [IMAGE:3]

Now, to get into my thoughts on the development process of this website. There are two trains of thought about software design: top-down design or bottom-up design. Going top-down, like the waterfall method, would mean I need to think of very specific details before I even begin. While I do have specific goals I wanna achieve with this website, I'm gonna be making this as I go, so I think it'd be more conducive to use an iterative, cyclical approach, like the spiral method.

Currently, I just have the homepage and the blog page. Eventually I wanna add links to games, a page for a collection of my favorite photos I've taken to share with people, and just small projects that interest me. I will blog every major update as I go, beginning with these screenshots of the initial website skeleton.

Using Angular and within VS Code IDE
