my homepage was pretty plain so i decided to add highlights of my most recent posts.
you can now be up to date with my most current blog posts and web updates.

i also added tags to my blog posts (like twitter tags, not html tags). i have them as buttons, but they have no functionality for now.
the plan is to make a separate page with a drawer layout that is scrollable. or maybe have a grid layout. idk, i haven't decided yet,
but i figured i start "tagging" my posts for organization in the long-term.

[IMAGE:0]
[IMAGE:1]

tips and tricks for beginners that i used that even more experienced developers sometimes overlook:

- did you know that in vs code, there will be an asterix (*) next to the file name if you have edited it, but have not yet saved it?
  i can't tell you how many times i edited something and then was was frustrated there were no changes only to realize i had not saved
  the files

  [IMAGE:2]
  [IMAGE:3]

- you may wanna test your website locally before committing and pushing and are wondering how to see a "test" version.
  when you run "ng serve" in the terminal, it will give you a local host link (your ip that you may typed over and over and still forget haha)
  something like http:// localhost:xxxxx that you can copy, paste into your browser
  ng serve is the command to run your angular project locally and see the changes you make in real time.
  it will automatically refresh the page as you save your files, so you can see the updates immediately.
  i have it split screen and click ctrl+s to save and can see it update on the local host in the browser

- use sub-directories. my view is if you have something that is a collection of at least two, then i'd create a sub-directory.
  i'll give an example. are you one of those people who just saves all your .txt, .docx in your /Documents/ and then each time
  you're looking for that one doc you're scrolling until you find it? it's the same when you're setting up your files and
  directories for your projects

