- did you know that in vs code, there will be an asterix (*) next to the file name if you have edited it, but have not yet saved it?
  i can't tell you how many times i edited something and then was was frustrated there were no changes only to realize i had not saved
  the files

  [IMAGE:0]
  [IMAGE:1]

- you may wanna test your website locally before committing and pushing and are wondering how to see a "test" version.
  when you run "ng serve" in the terminal, it will give you a local host link (your ip that you may typed over and over and still forget haha)
  something like http:// localhost:xxxxx that you can copy, paste into your browser
  ng serve is the command to run your angular project locally and see the changes you make in real time.
  it will automatically refresh the page as you save your files, so you can see the updates immediately.
  i have it split screen and click ctrl+s to save and can see it update on the local host in the browser

  [IMAGE:2]

- use sub-directories. my view is if you have something that is a collection of at least two, then i'd create a sub-directory.
  i'll give an example. are you one of those people who just saves all your .txt, .docx in your /Documents/ and then each time
  you're looking for that one doc you're scrolling until you find it? it's the same when you're setting up your files and
  directories for your projects

  [IMAGE:3]
  
- i mentioned it in one of my update blogs, but i'll mention again that it is worth spending time doing certain tedious
  things when you're setting up the initial foundation of your design, architecture, framework, or whatever in the beginning.
  you can read more about it under the post "setting the foundation" in my update blog: https://edd1eb3.github.io/updates .
  the point is, if you have a decent framework you've established from the beginning, you'll realize that a lotta things become
  copy, paste with minor adjustments. the first page i made was the blog page and spent a lotta time getting the .css, .html, .ts,
  json programmed in a way that could be refactored later on. so now it takes me minutes to just make minor adjustments,
  even though it took me hours and days to do the initial .css, .html, .ts, json. every time i wanna create a new component, i just
  look at previous components i've made and tweak minor things to create a new component like below, for example.

  [IMAGE:4][IMAGE:5]

  if you want an analogy, it's like i spent hours baking gingerbread cookies, but now it only takes minutes to decorate the different
  gingerbread cookies with icing
  [IMAGE:6]
