When it rains, we look up at the grey skies and it's obvious to us from where the precipitation comes.
From where does the data we retrieve daily come, though? "The data is somewhere up in the sky," some may
vaguely say, but where exactly "in the sky" or "in the clouds" is the data being stored, transmitted, or received?
It's not as obvious as rainfall from clouds. There are many misconceptions about "the cloud," which confuse average
end-users, but the answer to the question, "From where is my data received?" is much simpler than many may realize;
the data is stored, transmitted, and received in servers in enormous remote data centers.
[IMAGE:0]
Ok, maybe it's not that simple and it actually is pretty complicated, but I'll break it down simply for the average
end-user.

Before we get into data transmission and reception, though, we have to get into data storage. By now, we are all familiar
with different types of storage devices. We have gone from old-school punch cards and magnetic tapes to floppy discs,
hard-disc drives, compact discs (CDs), digital versatile discs (DVDs), USB flash drives, and solid state drives (SSDs).
There are different types of memory, such as flash memory, RAM, cache, or virtual memory, but that's a blog topic for
another day. I will, however, emphasize the difference between a local storage device and a remote storage device.

I'll explain using an analogy with something else we also use daily, which is ice. In your freezer, you may have an
ice-maker, which you can think of as your local storage device, with each ice cube being separate datum. The freezer
stores the ice cubes locally and you can easily retrieve them. But what about if you don't have an ice-maker or don't
have room in the freezer? You may then go to a gas station and purchase a bag of ice. So you can think of the gas station
as the remote data center and the different freezers which hold various sized bags of ice as the servers. The main point
is that "the cloud" isn't just vast, empty space like the cosmos, but is very much physical just like any other real estate.

Now, let's get into data transmission and reception. In computing, we distinguish data transmission and reception just
as we differentiate input and output (I/O), or write and read operations. Data transmission and reception in cloud storage
is the process of securely moving data between a local device and a remote server via the Internet. When you transmit data,
your files are broken down into digital packets, encrypted for security, and routed through network communication protocols
(like HTTPS) to the provider’s data center, where they are written to physical hard drives or solid-state media. On the other
hand, with data reception, the cloud infrastructure locates your requested data files across its storage clusters, decrypts
the data packets, and then streams them back across the network to re-construct the original file, combining the packets back
together on your device, like your mobile phone or laptop.

[IMAGE:1] [IMAGE:2]

Historically, the original computer mainframes and data servers were reserved for universities, government entities, and big
business corporations who had the capital to purchase physical data space no different than leasing office space. Nowadays, though,
data servers provide services at relatively affordable prices for the average consumer. This is the basic idea behind you uploading
your photos onto your iCloud account and then downloading them so you can view them, for example.

The reason I am blogging about the topic of "the cloud" is to clarify the basic misconception that "the cloud" is not just
something in empty space and actually takes up physical real estate. I'm also blogging about this topic because I've been
thinking about how I wanna store, transmit, and receive the data used in my website in a better way by re-vamping the integration of
the database on the back-end. Be on the lookout for ways you can comment on posts or you can make posts to a forums page I am
still deliberating on how to incorporate!

