It's been about a month since I established this website and I've been reflecting on the additions I've made made so far. I've added different pages
for blog posts, web updates, and tips & tricks, but I just added a feature by which others can comment on all three of the aformentioned pages
which makes me the most proud and excited among all my updates thus far.

This was the most challenging aspect of the project because I had to consider more details about how I would integrate the back-end database with
the front-end user interaction. Prior to this, my only considerations pertaining to the database back-end was pretty much simple store/retrieve text
or image files for blogs, etc.

This was more involved because I had to consider:
1) I've just been writing and posting my own blog posts, so how will others be able to comment and interact, themselves, now?
2) My website was "static" so anytime I updated and saved, I was in full control of when the updates got pushed and published. Now, though, I
   needed to think about how a user's comment would trigger the website to update and display comments. AND for that comment to appear
   instantaneously after hitting Enter!
3) So, if I want it to happen automatically and instantaneously, I'd need to figure out how to continuously poll the data and maintain real-time
   changes.
4) If I can just get users to comment, I'd be so excited! BUT down the line I'm also considering adding stuff like a button to "like' a comment
   or a reply feature so I'd need to create the comment component in a flexible way to allow further additions like that.

...and many other considerations for implementation and integration.

While I'm proud of this addition because I figured out some difficult technical aspects, I'm also very proud because it's the first step towards
building a community.

I've been thinking of a "brand" lately, and the ideas and attitudes that that brand represents. Soon I will write a Mission and Vision for The
Wild, Wild West of the Digital Frontier, but for now, I'll mention some things here.

The Wild, Wild West of the Digital Frontier will be a community of computer enthusiasts who share a common interest in being Digital Pioneers,
sharing novel ideas and giving constructive criticism to community members, with the overall goal being that each Digital Pioneer enhances
their knowledge and skills of programming, web development, and just anything computer related.

The early days of the World Wide Web in the 90's and early 2000's were exclusive to those who had programming or computer knowledge, but The
Wild, Wild West of the Digital Frontier will be a community that's inclusive to any Digital Pioneer, regardless of their knowledge or skill
level. This will be an inclusive community that is apolitical and anti-discriminatory and comprised of diverse visionaries' ideas and
perspectives from whom all can learn and improve.
[IMAGE:0]
My personal goal to the community is to create and maintain an atmosphere that fosters creative and innovative ideas by learning from other
community members and being open to listening to their suggestions.

My plans for the future:

1) I wanna add a vlog component. Sometimes it's just easier to talk rather than typing. Also, I tried the whole YouTube thing before making
   this website, but I discovered very quickly that it's a PAYOLA system, a pay-to-play system in which you have to pay for further reach
   and views. The Digital Frontier will truly adopt the spirit of the Wild, Wild West and start up a community from grassroots.
2) I wanna add a forum component. Right now you can only respond to my posts, but what if a Digital Pioneer wanted to initiate discourse
   around a topic about which they've been thinking? Be on the lookout for a Forum component similar to r/reddit in the near future!
3) I also wanna add a Tutorial section. I get into niche topics and jargon, but I also wanna provide content for beginners or amateurs to
   make this a community for all computer enthusiasts. This will differ from the Tips & Tricks page because my plan is to go through the
   process of a beginner's first program and progressively build up toward more advanced data structures and algorithms. Yes, I know you
   can view other tutorials on GeeksforGeeks, W3Schools, or YouTube playlists, but this will just give you another perspective. If
   W3Schools can help you understand a concept, then I'm glad and you should share it with us! But, maybe, a certain topic won't click
   the same way and I can give you a unique perspective.

Please, comment any feedback and be on the lookout for the Mission and Vision to come and the Forum page in the next few weeks!
Eventually only created accounts with a @the-digital-frontier.net will be able to write comments, but for now it is open to anyone
