
I haven't blogged in almost 11 weeks! But that doesn't mean I haven't been working on the website...
Rather than writing blog posts, I've been putting more energy into other aspects of the website, primarily my tutorial videos. You can check that out
at <a href="/tutorials" style="color: var(--orange, #ff6f00); text-decoration: underline;">Tutorial Videos</a>

One of my goals with this website is to show others the process of web development and that process, sometimes, isn't quick. But you gotta trust the process.
This is more of a side project and I have other things going on in my life so I can't just be working on this 24/7. However, any thing for which
you have a passion, you'll find the time to work on it.

There are times when I feel discouraged because I think, "What's the point of doing this? Is anyone actually even reading any of this? I mean,
is anyone even clicking on this??"

While I hope some people view my website and learn something, I'm primarily motivated by just improving my skills and knowledge. Like the old
adage says, "Use it or Lose it." When we're in school, we always have projects and deadlines so we're constantly practicing and enhancing our
skills. However, there's a certain sense of enjoyment from the freedom of creating your own project and working on your own time rather than
others' deadlines. If I have some time, I'll work on the website. If I don't have time, I mean, not a lotta people are seeing this right now
anyway, so what's the rush? haha Maybe one day, it'll have more reach, but for now, I'm ok with where it is and it's a work in progress.
Even if I work on it little by little, I'm still practicing skills that are helping me improve or reinforcing things I already know.

I think about this video where J. Cole compares rap to sports: <a href="https://youtu.be/135bv6GhD2M?t=528" target="_blank"> J. Cole, Trusting the Process </a> He says,
"When I really, really fell in love with rap, it was a matter of, like, sport. I started realizing the parallels between rapping, for me, and basketball.
I gotta operate at a high skill level and the only way you're gonna operate at a high skill level is putting in the hours. You know what I mean?
Practice. So I have to constantly come up with ways to reignite... write one verse, do a drill, make a beat. I didn't know how long it would take,
but I knew it would take time, and it literally took me years of practice, writing, trying, shooting, sharpening the pen until I got it to a level"

And I've played sports my whole life so I apply that to programming. I come up with drills for myself and sometimes, just like in sports,
you gotta go back to the fundementals and practice the fundementals over and over. You can be the best shooter, like Steph Curry, but even
Steph puts up hundreds of shots a day. Yeah, I may think I'm good at programming, but I started making tutorial videos and doing intro topics
and, even though I've done some of this stuff endless times, I still find things I thought I knew well, but had to improve.

And the more we do these things and practice, the better we get.

Trust the process.



