
I haven't made any additions to the website or posted any blog posts in about a week because I've been on a roadtrip.
My girlfriend and I explored Washington D.C. during the America 250 celebration. We then went to Atlanta, which is one of
the host cities of the FIFA World Cup and attended an Atlanta Braves baseball game also. Before I met up with her, though,
I was in the car by myself thinking about ways to improve the website, what I should add, and how I would integrate it.

I don't live in a futuristic Orbit City like the Jetsons in which I can just type away on my laptop while my flying-car
takes me to my destination, so it was just myself, my thoughts, and my squad of rubber ducks in my Jeep blasting music as
I thought about the improvements I'd make once my roadtrip is over.
[IMAGE:0]

Being in the car by myself for a while got me thinking about how we crave connection with others. I'm not super active
on social media, but I totally understand the excitement of getting a 'like' or comments on a social media post. My website
doesn't have a mechanism for public feedback, a 'like' feature, or anything where others can connect with me yet (I'm considering
adding a forum page similar to Reddit soon, though).

Because I can't connect with others through my website yet, I feel like I'm just shouting into the void right now. At first,
I was trying to consistently put out blog posts so my readers were constantly updated; however, realistically, I know that this
website is only reaching a few people right now, so it doesn't really matter. My motivation for consistent blog posts is so that
when it actually does start to grow a following, readers can see the whole progression of the website and my thoughts.

Some people would say that technology is making us more anti-social because we're getting addicted to screens and ignoring the
real world and others. While I do agree with this sentiment to a certain degree, I also see that technology is making us connect
in more ways than in the past. I mean, how different is my desire to connect to others through this website any different than
a journalist writing an op-ed in a newspaper before computers and the Digital Age?

Is sending a friend an SMS any different than people writing letters to each other centuries ago? Or, does it differ much from
telegraph communication using Morse Code? How different is posting new vacation photos on IG any different than when people would
travel and send post-cards to friends showing them where they traveled? Technology and social media didn't create this desire to
to connect with others, except that these forms of communIcation are now more digitized and we utilize different media to connect.

The first message trasnmitted across the "Internet" was "lo" on October 29, 1969. UCLA computer scientists were trying to transmit
the word, "login," to computer scientists at Stanford University. They verified this transmission by communicating over landline
telephones. Stanford researchers confirmed they received the letters, 'l' and 'o' and that the system subsequently crashed, thus
making the first transmission "lo." You can read more about it in this Smithsonian Magazine article here:
<a href="https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/these-two-small-letters-heralded-beginning-online-communication-180965327/">Click to read about first ARPANET transmission from UCLA to Stanford</a> 

My introduction to online communication was around 1998 through America Online (AOL) chatrooms and AOL Instant Messenger (AIM).
After coming home and finishing my homework, I would log into AOL and chat with my friends after school. This was not a substitution
to verbal communication, but rather an augmentation. Conversations during lunch or recess would be paused until after school, then
paused again until we got home on AOL to chat, and finally the conversation would pick back up the next morning before school again.
It didn't replace everyday conversations and allowed us to continue conversations mmore fluidly using different media.
[IMAGE:1]

Then I got my first mobile phone around 2000 or 2001, a Nokia cellular phone through Cingular, and actually saw it in the
Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History in D.C.
(<a href="https://naturalhistory.si.edu/exhibits/cellphone-unseen-connections?utm_source=si.edu&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=MyVisitSI">Click to see the Smithsonian Cell Phone exhibit</a>).
A new "dialect," let's call it, was created. Phones didn't have the QWERTY keyboards to which we're accustomed now, so new terms were
created, such as "ttyl (talk to you later)," "brb, (be right back)" when we stepped away from the computer, or "g2g (got to go)" when
logging off. Younger generations will be puzzled if they read "143," but that became shorthand in SMS for "I love you" derived from
the number of letters in "I love you." Twitter limited the amount of characters in a Tweet where we saw "lol (laughing out loud),"
"idk (I don't know)," "idc (I don't care)," etc, but social media didn't create these and they were just merely adapted from the
early 2000s SMS dialect.

Over the last half century, we saw a transition from the ARPANET's first "lo" message, to static website blogs, to e-mails and
chatrooms, to SMS messaging, to 140 character Tweets, to Facebook and other social media where we are today. We've been trying to
communicate with others using digital media way long before social media platforms, and it's this desire to connect that inspired me to
next add a Reddit-like forum page or a comments section for my blog posts.
