the motivation for me making this website is simply to practice my programming skills by creating a project for myself. i will share my progress as i go along and also just blog my thoughts and ideas about web development, computers, and technology, in general, for anyone interested.

i want this blog to be informal. my focus is to practice my programming skills, and that takes up a lotta brain power, as is, and i don't wanna have to overthink my writing haha

my train of thought for why make a website:
well, to begin with, hasn't every computer enthusiast always dreamt of his/her own website since s/he were young? but, besides that, i think it's a good project because i can incorporate a lotta different programming languages and i don't wanna get rusty in any. for example, i'm using html right now, but i want to maybe add other smaller and simpler projects in c++, python, or whatever langauge and embed them. maybe simple games or something. just wanna practice and refine my skills

right now, there is a bare bones skeleton of the website, boring white background with generic black text, and it is under construction. it is a work in progress and i will worry about making it 'aesthetic' and pretty it up later as i go on haha

now, to get into my thoughts on the development process of this website. there are two trains of thought about software design: top-down-design or bottom-up-design. going top-down, like the waterfall method, would mean i need to think of very specific details before i even begin. while i do have specific goals i wanna achieve with this website, i'm gonna be making this as i go, so i think it'd be more conducive to use an iterative, cyclical approach, like the spiral method.

currently, i just have the homepage and the blog page. eventually i wanna add links to games, a page for a collection of my favorite photos i've taken to share with people, and just small projects that interest me. i will blog every major update as i go, beginning with these screenshots of the initial website skeleton.

using Angular and ASP.Net within Visual Studio Code IDE
