
[IMAGE:0] [IMAGE:1]

like i previously mentioned, i decided to make this website to simply give myself a project on which to work in order to practice my programming
skills. i haven't really used html, css, ts in a while (and even when i did, it was mostly trivial stuff just to learn/apply it way long ago
anyway, so who cares?) but i am now getting a certain groove back again; some things came back quickly, others took me a few times to remember. 

i thought, "ok, /p> tags for paragraphs, /h1> /h2> for headers...
yeah, yeah, yeah i remember...wait, is h1 or h2 the main header and which is the sub header?
what's the difference between /article> and /section> again?"

and then there were times when i had to put a pause on programming because i had to think about how i envisioned certain pages to look like
before i could even program it.

and so, i played pokemon so i wasn't just staring at vs code like a statue in my chair, pondering, like the lincoln memorial

and i haven't played that in decaaaaades since i was a kid, but i guess i was in a nostalgic mood because doing this website also made me think
about the first time i "programmed" when i was a kid. and i put quotes and say that loosely because it wasn't real programming, in my opinion.
it was basically just copying and pasting into my myspace some html or css i found from someone else who actually knew how to program and
had put it online. all i did was switch "black" to "blue" or something. or i'd notice that if i increased a number, it would thicken a border.
i didn't understand any of it, but i could obviously read the colors among the random hieroglyphs of code and could verify it was changing
each time i refreshed the page.

i won't delve too much into it, but this explains how myspace was structured that allowed people to do that if you're interested:
(https://www.codecademy.com/resources/blog/myspace-and-the-coding-legacy)

basically, all you need to know is this quote from it:
"However, while rewriting MySpace, Harriman and Nguyen made a major mistake—they failed to block users
from adding their own HTML and CSS to their profile pages. In Angwin’s telling, the team’s mistake was
what “allowed users to build colorful backgrounds and wallpaper and load them onto their MySpace pages."


some people would say, "well, that's how developers are nowadays with their ai assistance, prompt engineering, and 'vibe coding' anyway, right?
some people don't know what they're doing or seeing, and are just copying and pasting," but that's a whole other blog topic for another day haha
i can tell you, as a millennial, though, that i have a certain view on this because i remember copying, pasting code samples from e-textbooks
on kindle into my ide when first learning, then discovering stackoverflow and would copy, paste fixes people posted there, and to now the
age of programming where ai assistance is ubiquitous. but, that's a topic for another post.
(btw, the very first programming book i bought years, years ago and to which I still refer today is Problem Solving in C++ by Walter Savitch
on kindle and highly recommend it)

[IMAGE:2] [IMAGE:3]

but back to pokemon. i was playing and thinking about how i wanted my website to look and i remembered playing pokemon as a kid on my
gameboy color. it's funny to think how big of a deal it was to market it as the one with fancy color at the time, or how my cingular cellphone had an
orange background instead of that generic green that was on every phone. and now to how gaming, mobile phones, etc have evolved. it's funny
to see these relatively simpler graphics on gameboy (i'm actually using an emulator now, though) when nowadays we're accustomed to like HD.
no wait, i mean Full HD. actually, Ultra HD. nope, it's 8K Ultra HD now, i think? you get my point. it's interesting to see how technology
improves and develops over time.

[IMAGE:4] [IMAGE:6]

and that is why i am keeping a log of all my updates; i wanna look back, myself, so i can appreciate how this website evolves, but i also
wanna show beginners the process (or at least my process) of developing the website over time. you can see how plain and boring my initial
few pages looked like and then i began adding more components. it's not looking like i want it to yet, but it's a work in progress and
will eventually. things aren't as simple as prompting ai with one magical sentence and then clicking run, deploy, or whatever and
then it somehow mysteriously works.


